yes so why does open source matter and
how can you help the movement open
source matters because it gives us true
collaborative freedom to explore and
develop new ways to help society evolve
one of the more important aspects I
think is that like everything we know in
love with today's technology is either
like open source or heavily rooted in
open source so what are some examples
Android is open source I didn't know
this but the kernel for Mac OS and iOS
is also open source Linux obviously the
Windows 10 operating system ships with a
subsystem for Linux and obviously you
know like relational databases
Postgres and my sequel so how can you
help as an individual I think like
engaging with code maintainer x' is a
pretty important thing because it helps
you know just build a friendly
relationship with the people who you
know make software that runs the world
you don't also need to be like a
programmer to contribute to open source
code you can just engage with the
community you can go to like community
events like this you can also just
provide like community support for
people that are having issues like as
much as we would like you know
maintainer zuv all these projects to
help us with our problems they have much
better things to do another thing is
like filing bug reports it's not fun but
it really helps to improve the software
and how can you help as a business owner
I think this is something that not a lot
of people like really think about
there's oftentimes open source
alternatives to every single like closed
source product out there another really
thing that's another really important
thing is like purchasing Enterprise
licenses for open source software if you
can afford it
traditionally like the developers of
open source software don't really get
paid for it and a lot of the times how
they can make their money is by you
purchasing licenses for their products
another aspect that you can do is
releasing like portion
of your products as open-source which
you know isn't always doable but I think
if you take like the building blocks to
your applications and make that
open-source it helps quite a bit and
businesses today are more complicated
than ever an open-source provides
innovations that helps all sizes of
companies develop complex modern day
solutions and yeah you can find me on
github or it's my email
[Applause]